.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_pccard.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_pccard.c \- PCCARD HAL module driver\&. This file provides a generic firmware to drive PCCARD memories mounted as external device\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
PCCARD HAL module driver\&. This file provides a generic firmware to drive PCCARD memories mounted as external device\&. 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team 
.PP
.nf
===============================================================================
                       ##### How to use this driver #####
===============================================================================  
  [..]
    This driver is a generic layered driver which contains a set of APIs used to 
    control PCCARD/compact flash memories. It uses the FMC/FSMC layer functions 
    to interface with PCCARD devices. This driver is used for:
   
   (+) PCCARD/Compact Flash memory configuration sequence using the function 
       HAL_PCCARD_Init()/HAL_CF_Init() with control and timing parameters for
       both common and attribute spaces.
           
   (+) Read PCCARD/Compact Flash memory maker and device IDs using the function
       HAL_PCCARD_Read_ID()/HAL_CF_Read_ID(). The read information is stored in
       the CompactFlash_ID structure declared by the function caller. 
       
   (+) Access PCCARD/Compact Flash memory by read/write operations using the functions
       HAL_PCCARD_Read_Sector()/ HAL_PCCARD_Write_Sector() - 
       HAL_CF_Read_Sector()/HAL_CF_Write_Sector(), to read/write sector. 
       
   (+) Perform PCCARD/Compact Flash Reset chip operation using the function
       HAL_PCCARD_Reset()/HAL_CF_Reset.
       
   (+) Perform PCCARD/Compact Flash erase sector operation using the function 
       HAL_PCCARD_Erase_Sector()/HAL_CF_Erase_Sector.
   
   (+) Read the PCCARD/Compact Flash status operation using the function
       HAL_PCCARD_ReadStatus()/HAL_CF_ReadStatus().
    
   (+) You can monitor the PCCARD/Compact Flash  device HAL state by calling
       the function HAL_PCCARD_GetState()/HAL_CF_GetState()
       
  [..]
    (@) This driver is a set of generic APIs which handle standard PCCARD/compact flash 
        operations. If a PCCARD/Compact Flash device contains different operations 
        and/or implementations, it should be implemented separately.
  
     *** Callback registration ***
   =============================================
   [..]
     The compilation define  USE_HAL_PCCARD_REGISTER_CALLBACKS when set to 1
     allows the user to configure dynamically the driver callbacks.

     Use Functions @ref HAL_PCCARD_RegisterCallback() to register a user callback,
     it allows to register following callbacks:
       (+) MspInitCallback    : PCCARD MspInit.
       (+) MspDeInitCallback  : PCCARD MspDeInit.
     This function takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle, the Callback ID
     and a pointer to the user callback function.

     Use function @ref HAL_PCCARD_UnRegisterCallback() to reset a callback to the default
     weak (surcharged) function. It allows to reset following callbacks:
       (+) MspInitCallback    : PCCARD MspInit.
       (+) MspDeInitCallback  : PCCARD MspDeInit.
     This function) takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle and the Callback ID.

     By default, after the @ref HAL_PCCARD_Init and if the state is HAL_PCCARD_STATE_RESET
     all callbacks are reset to the corresponding legacy weak (surcharged) functions.
     Exception done for MspInit and MspDeInit callbacks that are respectively
     reset to the legacy weak (surcharged) functions in the @ref HAL_PCCARD_Init
     and @ref  HAL_PCCARD_DeInit only when these callbacks are null (not registered beforehand).
     If not, MspInit or MspDeInit are not null, the @ref HAL_PCCARD_Init and @ref HAL_PCCARD_DeInit
     keep and use the user MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks (registered beforehand)

     Callbacks can be registered/unregistered in READY state only.
     Exception done for MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks that can be registered/unregistered
     in READY or RESET state, thus registered (user) MspInit/DeInit callbacks can be used
     during the Init/DeInit.
     In that case first register the MspInit/MspDeInit user callbacks
     using @ref HAL_PCCARD_RegisterCallback before calling @ref HAL_PCCARD_DeInit
     or @ref HAL_PCCARD_Init function.

     When The compilation define USE_HAL_PCCARD_REGISTER_CALLBACKS is set to 0 or
     not defined, the callback registering feature is not available
     and weak (surcharged) callbacks are used.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2017 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_pccard\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
