.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_lptim.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_lptim.c \- LPTIM HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the Low Power Timer (LPTIM) peripheral:  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
LPTIM HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the Low Power Timer (LPTIM) peripheral: 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team
.IP "\(bu" 2
Initialization and de-initialization functions\&.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Start/Stop operation functions in polling mode\&.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Start/Stop operation functions in interrupt mode\&.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Reading operation functions\&.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Peripheral State functions\&.
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                   ##### How to use this driver #####
==============================================================================
  [..]
    The LPTIM HAL driver can be used as follows:

    (#)Initialize the LPTIM low level resources by implementing the
      HAL_LPTIM_MspInit():
       (++) Enable the LPTIM interface clock using __HAL_RCC_LPTIMx_CLK_ENABLE().
       (++) In case of using interrupts (e.g. HAL_LPTIM_PWM_Start_IT()):
           (+++) Configure the LPTIM interrupt priority using HAL_NVIC_SetPriority().
           (+++) Enable the LPTIM IRQ handler using HAL_NVIC_EnableIRQ().
           (+++) In LPTIM IRQ handler, call HAL_LPTIM_IRQHandler().

    (#)Initialize the LPTIM HAL using HAL_LPTIM_Init(). This function
       configures mainly:
       (++) The instance: LPTIM1.
       (++) Clock: the counter clock.
           (+++) Source   : it can be either the ULPTIM input (IN1) or one of
                            the internal clock; (APB, LSE or LSI).
           (+++) Prescaler: select the clock divider.
       (++)  UltraLowPowerClock : To be used only if the ULPTIM is selected
             as counter clock source.
           (+++) Polarity:   polarity of the active edge for the counter unit
                             if the ULPTIM input is selected.
           (+++) SampleTime: clock sampling time to configure the clock glitch
                             filter.
       (++) Trigger: How the counter start.
           (+++) Source: trigger can be software or one of the hardware triggers.
           (+++) ActiveEdge : only for hardware trigger.
           (+++) SampleTime : trigger sampling time to configure the trigger
                              glitch filter.
       (++) OutputPolarity : 2 opposite polarities are possible.
       (++) UpdateMode: specifies whether the update of the autoreload and
            the compare values is done immediately or after the end of current
            period.

    (#)Six modes are available:

       (++) PWM Mode: To generate a PWM signal with specified period and pulse,
       call HAL_LPTIM_PWM_Start() or HAL_LPTIM_PWM_Start_IT() for interruption
       mode.

       (++) One Pulse Mode: To generate pulse with specified width in response
       to a stimulus, call HAL_LPTIM_OnePulse_Start() or
       HAL_LPTIM_OnePulse_Start_IT() for interruption mode.

       (++) Set once Mode: In this mode, the output changes the level (from
       low level to high level if the output polarity is configured high, else
       the opposite) when a compare match occurs. To start this mode, call
       HAL_LPTIM_SetOnce_Start() or HAL_LPTIM_SetOnce_Start_IT() for
       interruption mode.

       (++) Encoder Mode: To use the encoder interface call
       HAL_LPTIM_Encoder_Start() or HAL_LPTIM_Encoder_Start_IT() for
       interruption mode. Only available for LPTIM1 instance.

       (++) Time out Mode: an active edge on one selected trigger input rests
       the counter. The first trigger event will start the timer, any
       successive trigger event will reset the counter and the timer will
       restart. To start this mode call HAL_LPTIM_TimeOut_Start_IT() or
       HAL_LPTIM_TimeOut_Start_IT() for interruption mode.

       (++) Counter Mode: counter can be used to count external events on
       the LPTIM Input1 or it can be used to count internal clock cycles.
       To start this mode, call HAL_LPTIM_Counter_Start() or
       HAL_LPTIM_Counter_Start_IT() for interruption mode.


    (#) User can stop any process by calling the corresponding API:
        HAL_LPTIM_Xxx_Stop() or HAL_LPTIM_Xxx_Stop_IT() if the process is
        already started in interruption mode.

    (#) De-initialize the LPTIM peripheral using HAL_LPTIM_DeInit().

  *** Callback registration ***
=============================================

The compilation define  USE_HAL_LPTIM_REGISTER_CALLBACKS when set to 1
allows the user to configure dynamically the driver callbacks.

Use Function @ref HAL_LPTIM_RegisterCallback() to register a callback.
@ref HAL_LPTIM_RegisterCallback() takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle,
the Callback ID and a pointer to the user callback function.

Use function @ref HAL_LPTIM_UnRegisterCallback() to reset a callback to the
default weak function.
@ref HAL_LPTIM_UnRegisterCallback takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle,
and the Callback ID.

These functions allow to register/unregister following callbacks:

  (+) MspInitCallback         : LPTIM Base Msp Init Callback.
  (+) MspDeInitCallback       : LPTIM Base Msp DeInit Callback.
  (+) CompareMatchCallback    : Compare match Callback.
  (+) AutoReloadMatchCallback : Auto-reload match Callback.
  (+) TriggerCallback         : External trigger event detection Callback.
  (+) CompareWriteCallback    : Compare register write complete Callback.
  (+) AutoReloadWriteCallback : Auto-reload register write complete Callback.
  (+) DirectionUpCallback     : Up-counting direction change Callback.
  (+) DirectionDownCallback   : Down-counting direction change Callback.

By default, after the Init and when the state is HAL_LPTIM_STATE_RESET
all interrupt callbacks are set to the corresponding weak functions:
examples @ref HAL_LPTIM_TriggerCallback(), @ref HAL_LPTIM_CompareMatchCallback().

Exception done for MspInit and MspDeInit functions that are reset to the legacy weak
functionalities in the Init/DeInit only when these callbacks are null
(not registered beforehand). If not, MspInit or MspDeInit are not null, the Init/DeInit
keep and use the user MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks (registered beforehand)

Callbacks can be registered/unregistered in HAL_LPTIM_STATE_READY state only.
Exception done MspInit/MspDeInit that can be registered/unregistered
in HAL_LPTIM_STATE_READY or HAL_LPTIM_STATE_RESET state,
thus registered (user) MspInit/DeInit callbacks can be used during the Init/DeInit.
In that case first register the MspInit/MspDeInit user callbacks
using @ref HAL_LPTIM_RegisterCallback() before calling DeInit or Init function.

When The compilation define USE_HAL_LPTIM_REGISTER_CALLBACKS is set to 0 or
not defined, the callback registration feature is not available and all callbacks
are set to the corresponding weak functions..fi
.PP
 
.PP
.nf
@attention

.fi
.PP
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2016 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
.PP
.PP
 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_lptim\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
