.TH "src/stm32f4xx_ll_fsmc.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_ll_fsmc.c \- FSMC Low Layer HAL module driver\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
FSMC Low Layer HAL module driver\&. 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team 
.PP
.nf
     This file provides firmware functions to manage the following 
     functionalities of the Flexible Static Memory Controller (FSMC) peripheral memories:
      + Initialization/de-initialization functions
      + Peripheral Control functions 
      + Peripheral State functions

.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                      ##### FSMC peripheral features #####
==============================================================================                  
  [..] The Flexible static memory controller (FSMC) includes two memory controllers:
       (+) The NOR/PSRAM memory controller
       (+) The NAND/PC Card memory controller
     
  [..] The FSMC functional block makes the interface with synchronous and asynchronous static
       memories, SDRAM memories, and 16-bit PC memory cards. Its main purposes are:
       (+) to translate AHB transactions into the appropriate external device protocol.
       (+) to meet the access time requirements of the external memory devices.
 
  [..] All external memories share the addresses, data and control signals with the controller.
       Each external device is accessed by means of a unique Chip Select. The FSMC performs
       only one access at a time to an external device.
       The main features of the FSMC controller are the following:
        (+) Interface with static-memory mapped devices including:
           (++) Static random access memory (SRAM).
           (++) Read-only memory (ROM).
           (++) NOR Flash memory/OneNAND Flash memory.
           (++) PSRAM (4 memory banks).
           (++) 16-bit PC Card compatible devices.
           (++) Two banks of NAND Flash memory with ECC hardware to check up to 8 Kbytes of
                data.
        (+) Independent Chip Select control for each memory bank.
        (+) Independent configuration for each memory bank.          .fi
.PP
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2017 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_ll_fsmc\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
