.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_nor.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_nor.c \- NOR HAL module driver\&. This file provides a generic firmware to drive NOR memories mounted as external device\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
NOR HAL module driver\&. This file provides a generic firmware to drive NOR memories mounted as external device\&. 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team 
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                   ##### How to use this driver #####
==============================================================================       
  [..]
    This driver is a generic layered driver which contains a set of APIs used to 
    control NOR flash memories. It uses the FMC/FSMC layer functions to interface 
    with NOR devices. This driver is used as follows:
  
    (+) NOR flash memory configuration sequence using the function HAL_NOR_Init() 
        with control and timing parameters for both normal and extended mode.
          
    (+) Read NOR flash memory manufacturer code and device IDs using the function
        HAL_NOR_Read_ID(). The read information is stored in the NOR_ID_TypeDef 
        structure declared by the function caller. 
      
    (+) Access NOR flash memory by read/write data unit operations using the functions
        HAL_NOR_Read(), HAL_NOR_Program().
      
    (+) Perform NOR flash erase block/chip operations using the functions 
        HAL_NOR_Erase_Block() and HAL_NOR_Erase_Chip().
      
    (+) Read the NOR flash CFI (common flash interface) IDs using the function
        HAL_NOR_Read_CFI(). The read information is stored in the NOR_CFI_TypeDef
        structure declared by the function caller.
      
    (+) You can also control the NOR device by calling the control APIs HAL_NOR_WriteOperation_Enable()/
        HAL_NOR_WriteOperation_Disable() to respectively enable/disable the NOR write operation  
     
    (+) You can monitor the NOR device HAL state by calling the function
        HAL_NOR_GetState() 
  [..]
   (@) This driver is a set of generic APIs which handle standard NOR flash operations.
       If a NOR flash device contains different operations and/or implementations, 
       it should be implemented separately.

   *** NOR HAL driver macros list ***
   ============================================= 
   [..]
     Below the list of most used macros in NOR HAL driver.
     
    (+) NOR_WRITE : NOR memory write data to specified address

  *** Callback registration ***
  =============================================
  [..]
    The compilation define  USE_HAL_NOR_REGISTER_CALLBACKS when set to 1
    allows the user to configure dynamically the driver callbacks.

    Use Functions @ref HAL_NOR_RegisterCallback() to register a user callback,
    it allows to register following callbacks:
      (+) MspInitCallback    : NOR MspInit.
      (+) MspDeInitCallback  : NOR MspDeInit.
    This function takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle, the Callback ID
    and a pointer to the user callback function.

    Use function @ref HAL_NOR_UnRegisterCallback() to reset a callback to the default
    weak (surcharged) function. It allows to reset following callbacks:
      (+) MspInitCallback    : NOR MspInit.
      (+) MspDeInitCallback  : NOR MspDeInit.
    This function) takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle and the Callback ID.

    By default, after the @ref HAL_NOR_Init and if the state is HAL_NOR_STATE_RESET
    all callbacks are reset to the corresponding legacy weak (surcharged) functions.
    Exception done for MspInit and MspDeInit callbacks that are respectively
    reset to the legacy weak (surcharged) functions in the @ref HAL_NOR_Init
    and @ref  HAL_NOR_DeInit only when these callbacks are null (not registered beforehand).
    If not, MspInit or MspDeInit are not null, the @ref HAL_NOR_Init and @ref HAL_NOR_DeInit
    keep and use the user MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks (registered beforehand)

    Callbacks can be registered/unregistered in READY state only.
    Exception done for MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks that can be registered/unregistered
    in READY or RESET state, thus registered (user) MspInit/DeInit callbacks can be used
    during the Init/DeInit.
    In that case first register the MspInit/MspDeInit user callbacks
    using @ref HAL_NOR_RegisterCallback before calling @ref HAL_NOR_DeInit
    or @ref HAL_NOR_Init function.

    When The compilation define USE_HAL_NOR_REGISTER_CALLBACKS is set to 0 or
    not defined, the callback registering feature is not available
    and weak (surcharged) callbacks are used.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2017 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_nor\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
