.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_exti.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_exti.c \- EXTI HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the Extended Interrupts and events controller (EXTI) peripheral:  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
EXTI HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the Extended Interrupts and events controller (EXTI) peripheral: 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team
.IP "\(bu" 2
Initialization and de-initialization functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
IO operation functions
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                  ##### EXTI Peripheral features #####
==============================================================================
[..]
  (+) Each Exti line can be configured within this driver.

  (+) Exti line can be configured in 3 different modes
      (++) Interrupt
      (++) Event
      (++) Both of them

  (+) Configurable Exti lines can be configured with 3 different triggers
      (++) Rising
      (++) Falling
      (++) Both of them

  (+) When set in interrupt mode, configurable Exti lines have two different
      interrupts pending registers which allow to distinguish which transition
      occurs:
      (++) Rising edge pending interrupt
      (++) Falling

  (+) Exti lines 0 to 15 are linked to gpio pin number 0 to 15. Gpio port can
      be selected through multiplexer.

                   ##### How to use this driver #####
==============================================================================
[..]

  (#) Configure the EXTI line using HAL_EXTI_SetConfigLine().
      (++) Choose the interrupt line number by setting "Line" member from
           EXTI_ConfigTypeDef structure.
      (++) Configure the interrupt and/or event mode using "Mode" member from
           EXTI_ConfigTypeDef structure.
      (++) For configurable lines, configure rising and/or falling trigger
           "Trigger" member from EXTI_ConfigTypeDef structure.

  (#) Get current Exti configuration of a dedicated line using
      HAL_EXTI_GetConfigLine().
      (++) Provide exiting handle as parameter.
      (++) Provide pointer on EXTI_ConfigTypeDef structure as second parameter.

  (#) Clear Exti configuration of a dedicated line using HAL_EXTI_GetConfigLine().
      (++) Provide exiting handle as parameter.

  (#) Register callback to treat Exti interrupts using HAL_EXTI_RegisterCallback().
      (++) Provide exiting handle as first parameter.
      (++) Provide which callback will be registered using one value from
           EXTI_CallbackIDTypeDef.
      (++) Provide callback function pointer.

  (#) Get interrupt pending bit using HAL_EXTI_GetPending().

  (#) Clear interrupt pending bit using HAL_EXTI_GetPending().

  (#) Generate software interrupt using HAL_EXTI_GenerateSWI()..fi
.PP
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2018 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_exti\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
