.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_irda.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_irda.c \- IRDA HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the IrDA SIR ENDEC block (IrDA):  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
IRDA HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the IrDA SIR ENDEC block (IrDA): 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team
.IP "\(bu" 2
Initialization and de-initialization functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
IO operation functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
Peripheral Control functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
Peripheral State and Errors functions 
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                      ##### How to use this driver #####
==============================================================================
[..]
  The IRDA HAL driver can be used as follows:

  (#) Declare a IRDA_HandleTypeDef handle structure (eg. IRDA_HandleTypeDef hirda).
  (#) Initialize the IRDA low level resources by implementing the HAL_IRDA_MspInit() API:
      (##) Enable the USARTx interface clock.
      (##) IRDA pins configuration:
          (+++) Enable the clock for the IRDA GPIOs.
          (+++) Configure IRDA pins as alternate function pull-up.
      (##) NVIC configuration if you need to use interrupt process (HAL_IRDA_Transmit_IT()
           and HAL_IRDA_Receive_IT() APIs):
          (+++) Configure the USARTx interrupt priority.
          (+++) Enable the NVIC USART IRQ handle.
      (##) DMA Configuration if you need to use DMA process (HAL_IRDA_Transmit_DMA()
           and HAL_IRDA_Receive_DMA() APIs):
          (+++) Declare a DMA handle structure for the Tx/Rx stream.
          (+++) Enable the DMAx interface clock.
          (+++) Configure the declared DMA handle structure with the required Tx/Rx parameters.
          (+++) Configure the DMA Tx/Rx stream.
          (+++) Associate the initialized DMA handle to the IRDA DMA Tx/Rx handle.
          (+++) Configure the priority and enable the NVIC for the transfer complete interrupt on the DMA Tx/Rx stream.
          (+++) Configure the IRDAx interrupt priority and enable the NVIC USART IRQ handle
                (used for last byte sending completion detection in DMA non circular mode)

  (#) Program the Baud Rate, Word Length, Parity, IrDA Mode, Prescaler
      and Mode(Receiver/Transmitter) in the hirda Init structure.

  (#) Initialize the IRDA registers by calling the HAL_IRDA_Init() API:
      (++) This API configures also the low level Hardware GPIO, CLOCK, CORTEX...etc)
           by calling the customized HAL_IRDA_MspInit() API.

       -@@- The specific IRDA interrupts (Transmission complete interrupt,
           RXNE interrupt and Error Interrupts) will be managed using the macros
           __HAL_IRDA_ENABLE_IT() and __HAL_IRDA_DISABLE_IT() inside the transmit and receive process.

  (#) Three operation modes are available within this driver :

  *** Polling mode IO operation ***
  =================================
  [..]
    (+) Send an amount of data in blocking mode using HAL_IRDA_Transmit()
    (+) Receive an amount of data in blocking mode using HAL_IRDA_Receive()

  *** Interrupt mode IO operation ***
  ===================================
  [..]
    (+) Send an amount of data in non blocking mode using HAL_IRDA_Transmit_IT()
    (+) At transmission end of transfer HAL_IRDA_TxCpltCallback is executed and user can
         add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_TxCpltCallback
    (+) Receive an amount of data in non blocking mode using HAL_IRDA_Receive_IT()
    (+) At reception end of transfer HAL_IRDA_RxCpltCallback is executed and user can
         add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_RxCpltCallback
    (+) In case of transfer Error, HAL_IRDA_ErrorCallback() function is executed and user can
         add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_ErrorCallback

  *** DMA mode IO operation ***
  =============================
  [..]
    (+) Send an amount of data in non blocking mode (DMA) using HAL_IRDA_Transmit_DMA()
    (+) At transmission end of half transfer HAL_IRDA_TxHalfCpltCallback is executed and user can
          add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_TxHalfCpltCallback
    (+) At transmission end of transfer HAL_IRDA_TxCpltCallback is executed and user can
         add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_TxCpltCallback
    (+) Receive an amount of data in non blocking mode (DMA) using HAL_IRDA_Receive_DMA()
    (+) At reception end of half transfer HAL_IRDA_RxHalfCpltCallback is executed and user can
          add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_RxHalfCpltCallback
    (+) At reception end of transfer HAL_IRDA_RxCpltCallback is executed and user can
         add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_RxCpltCallback
    (+) In case of transfer Error, HAL_IRDA_ErrorCallback() function is executed and user can
         add his own code by customization of function pointer HAL_IRDA_ErrorCallback
    (+) Pause the DMA Transfer using HAL_IRDA_DMAPause()
    (+) Resume the DMA Transfer using HAL_IRDA_DMAResume()
    (+) Stop the DMA Transfer using HAL_IRDA_DMAStop()

  *** IRDA HAL driver macros list ***
  ===================================
  [..]
    Below the list of most used macros in IRDA HAL driver.

     (+) __HAL_IRDA_ENABLE: Enable the IRDA peripheral
     (+) __HAL_IRDA_DISABLE: Disable the IRDA peripheral
     (+) __HAL_IRDA_GET_FLAG : Check whether the specified IRDA flag is set or not
     (+) __HAL_IRDA_CLEAR_FLAG : Clear the specified IRDA pending flag
     (+) __HAL_IRDA_ENABLE_IT: Enable the specified IRDA interrupt
     (+) __HAL_IRDA_DISABLE_IT: Disable the specified IRDA interrupt
     (+) __HAL_IRDA_GET_IT_SOURCE: Check whether the specified IRDA interrupt has occurred or not

  [..]
   (@) You can refer to the IRDA HAL driver header file for more useful macros

  ##### Callback registration #####
  ==================================

  [..]
    The compilation define USE_HAL_IRDA_REGISTER_CALLBACKS when set to 1
    allows the user to configure dynamically the driver callbacks.

  [..]
    Use Function @ref HAL_IRDA_RegisterCallback() to register a user callback.
    Function @ref HAL_IRDA_RegisterCallback() allows to register following callbacks:
     (+) TxHalfCpltCallback        : Tx Half Complete Callback.
     (+) TxCpltCallback            : Tx Complete Callback.
     (+) RxHalfCpltCallback        : Rx Half Complete Callback.
     (+) RxCpltCallback            : Rx Complete Callback.
     (+) ErrorCallback             : Error Callback.
     (+) AbortCpltCallback         : Abort Complete Callback.
     (+) AbortTransmitCpltCallback : Abort Transmit Complete Callback.
     (+) AbortReceiveCpltCallback  : Abort Receive Complete Callback.
     (+) MspInitCallback           : IRDA MspInit.
     (+) MspDeInitCallback         : IRDA MspDeInit.
    This function takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle, the Callback ID
    and a pointer to the user callback function.

  [..]
    Use function @ref HAL_IRDA_UnRegisterCallback() to reset a callback to the default
    weak (surcharged) function.
    @ref HAL_IRDA_UnRegisterCallback() takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle,
    and the Callback ID.
    This function allows to reset following callbacks:
     (+) TxHalfCpltCallback        : Tx Half Complete Callback.
     (+) TxCpltCallback            : Tx Complete Callback.
     (+) RxHalfCpltCallback        : Rx Half Complete Callback.
     (+) RxCpltCallback            : Rx Complete Callback.
     (+) ErrorCallback             : Error Callback.
     (+) AbortCpltCallback         : Abort Complete Callback.
     (+) AbortTransmitCpltCallback : Abort Transmit Complete Callback.
     (+) AbortReceiveCpltCallback  : Abort Receive Complete Callback.
     (+) MspInitCallback           : IRDA MspInit.
     (+) MspDeInitCallback         : IRDA MspDeInit.

  [..]
    By default, after the @ref HAL_IRDA_Init() and when the state is HAL_IRDA_STATE_RESET
    all callbacks are set to the corresponding weak (surcharged) functions:
    examples @ref HAL_IRDA_TxCpltCallback(), @ref HAL_IRDA_RxHalfCpltCallback().
    Exception done for MspInit and MspDeInit functions that are respectively
    reset to the legacy weak (surcharged) functions in the @ref HAL_IRDA_Init()
    and @ref HAL_IRDA_DeInit() only when these callbacks are null (not registered beforehand).
    If not, MspInit or MspDeInit are not null, the @ref HAL_IRDA_Init() and @ref HAL_IRDA_DeInit()
    keep and use the user MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks (registered beforehand).

  [..]
    Callbacks can be registered/unregistered in HAL_IRDA_STATE_READY state only.
    Exception done MspInit/MspDeInit that can be registered/unregistered
    in HAL_IRDA_STATE_READY or HAL_IRDA_STATE_RESET state, thus registered (user)
    MspInit/DeInit callbacks can be used during the Init/DeInit.
    In that case first register the MspInit/MspDeInit user callbacks
    using @ref HAL_IRDA_RegisterCallback() before calling @ref HAL_IRDA_DeInit()
    or @ref HAL_IRDA_Init() function.

  [..]
    When The compilation define USE_HAL_IRDA_REGISTER_CALLBACKS is set to 0 or
    not defined, the callback registration feature is not available
    and weak (surcharged) callbacks are used.
.fi
.PP
 [\&.\&.] (@) Additionnal remark: If the parity is enabled, then the MSB bit of the data written in the data register is transmitted but is changed by the parity bit\&. Depending on the frame length defined by the M bit (8-bits or 9-bits), the possible IRDA frame formats are as listed in the following table: +-------------------------------------------------------------+ | M bit | PCE bit | IRDA frame | |---------------------|---------------------------------------| | 0 | 0 | | SB | 8 bit data | 1 STB | | |---------|-----------|---------------------------------------| | 0 | 1 | | SB | 7 bit data | PB | 1 STB | | |---------|-----------|---------------------------------------| | 1 | 0 | | SB | 9 bit data | 1 STB | | |---------|-----------|---------------------------------------| | 1 | 1 | | SB | 8 bit data | PB | 1 STB | | +-------------------------------------------------------------+
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2016 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_irda\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
