.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_qspi.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_qspi.c \- QSPI HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the QuadSPI interface (QSPI)\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
QSPI HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the QuadSPI interface (QSPI)\&. 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team
.IP "\(bu" 2
Initialization and de-initialization functions
.IP "\(bu" 2
Indirect functional mode management
.IP "\(bu" 2
Memory-mapped functional mode management
.IP "\(bu" 2
Auto-polling functional mode management
.IP "\(bu" 2
Interrupts and flags management
.IP "\(bu" 2
DMA channel configuration for indirect functional mode
.IP "\(bu" 2
Errors management and abort functionality
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
===============================================================================
                       ##### How to use this driver #####
===============================================================================
 [..]
   *** Initialization ***
   ======================
   [..]
     (#) As prerequisite, fill in the HAL_QSPI_MspInit() :
       (++) Enable QuadSPI clock interface with __HAL_RCC_QSPI_CLK_ENABLE().
       (++) Reset QuadSPI IP with __HAL_RCC_QSPI_FORCE_RESET() and __HAL_RCC_QSPI_RELEASE_RESET().
       (++) Enable the clocks for the QuadSPI GPIOS with __HAL_RCC_GPIOx_CLK_ENABLE().
       (++) Configure these QuadSPI pins in alternate mode using HAL_GPIO_Init().
       (++) If interrupt mode is used, enable and configure QuadSPI global
           interrupt with HAL_NVIC_SetPriority() and HAL_NVIC_EnableIRQ().
       (++) If DMA mode is used, enable the clocks for the QuadSPI DMA channel 
           with __HAL_RCC_DMAx_CLK_ENABLE(), configure DMA with HAL_DMA_Init(), 
           link it with QuadSPI handle using __HAL_LINKDMA(), enable and configure 
           DMA channel global interrupt with HAL_NVIC_SetPriority() and HAL_NVIC_EnableIRQ().
     (#) Configure the flash size, the clock prescaler, the fifo threshold, the
         clock mode, the sample shifting and the CS high time using the HAL_QSPI_Init() function.

   *** Indirect functional mode ***
   ================================
   [..]
     (#) Configure the command sequence using the HAL_QSPI_Command() or HAL_QSPI_Command_IT() 
         functions :
        (++) Instruction phase : the mode used and if present the instruction opcode.
        (++) Address phase : the mode used and if present the size and the address value.
        (++) Alternate-bytes phase : the mode used and if present the size and the alternate 
            bytes values.
        (++) Dummy-cycles phase : the number of dummy cycles (mode used is same as data phase).
        (++) Data phase : the mode used and if present the number of bytes.
        (++) Double Data Rate (DDR) mode : the activation (or not) of this mode and the delay 
            if activated.
        (++) Sending Instruction Only Once (SIOO) mode : the activation (or not) of this mode.
     (#) If no data is required for the command, it is sent directly to the memory :
        (++) In polling mode, the output of the function is done when the transfer is complete.
        (++) In interrupt mode, HAL_QSPI_CmdCpltCallback() will be called when the transfer is complete.
     (#) For the indirect write mode, use HAL_QSPI_Transmit(), HAL_QSPI_Transmit_DMA() or 
         HAL_QSPI_Transmit_IT() after the command configuration :
        (++) In polling mode, the output of the function is done when the transfer is complete.
        (++) In interrupt mode, HAL_QSPI_FifoThresholdCallback() will be called when the fifo threshold 
            is reached and HAL_QSPI_TxCpltCallback() will be called when the transfer is complete.
        (++) In DMA mode, HAL_QSPI_TxHalfCpltCallback() will be called at the half transfer and 
            HAL_QSPI_TxCpltCallback() will be called when the transfer is complete.
     (#) For the indirect read mode, use HAL_QSPI_Receive(), HAL_QSPI_Receive_DMA() or 
         HAL_QSPI_Receive_IT() after the command configuration :
        (++) In polling mode, the output of the function is done when the transfer is complete.
        (++) In interrupt mode, HAL_QSPI_FifoThresholdCallback() will be called when the fifo threshold 
            is reached and HAL_QSPI_RxCpltCallback() will be called when the transfer is complete.
        (++) In DMA mode, HAL_QSPI_RxHalfCpltCallback() will be called at the half transfer and 
            HAL_QSPI_RxCpltCallback() will be called when the transfer is complete.

   *** Auto-polling functional mode ***
   ====================================
   [..]
     (#) Configure the command sequence and the auto-polling functional mode using the 
         HAL_QSPI_AutoPolling() or HAL_QSPI_AutoPolling_IT() functions :
        (++) Instruction phase : the mode used and if present the instruction opcode.
        (++) Address phase : the mode used and if present the size and the address value.
        (++) Alternate-bytes phase : the mode used and if present the size and the alternate 
            bytes values.
        (++) Dummy-cycles phase : the number of dummy cycles (mode used is same as data phase).
        (++) Data phase : the mode used.
        (++) Double Data Rate (DDR) mode : the activation (or not) of this mode and the delay 
            if activated.
        (++) Sending Instruction Only Once (SIOO) mode : the activation (or not) of this mode.
        (++) The size of the status bytes, the match value, the mask used, the match mode (OR/AND),
            the polling interval and the automatic stop activation.
     (#) After the configuration :
        (++) In polling mode, the output of the function is done when the status match is reached. The
            automatic stop is activated to avoid an infinite loop.
        (++) In interrupt mode, HAL_QSPI_StatusMatchCallback() will be called each time the status match is reached.

   *** Memory-mapped functional mode ***
   =====================================
   [..]
     (#) Configure the command sequence and the memory-mapped functional mode using the 
         HAL_QSPI_MemoryMapped() functions :
        (++) Instruction phase : the mode used and if present the instruction opcode.
        (++) Address phase : the mode used and the size.
        (++) Alternate-bytes phase : the mode used and if present the size and the alternate 
            bytes values.
        (++) Dummy-cycles phase : the number of dummy cycles (mode used is same as data phase).
        (++) Data phase : the mode used.
        (++) Double Data Rate (DDR) mode : the activation (or not) of this mode and the delay 
            if activated.
        (++) Sending Instruction Only Once (SIOO) mode : the activation (or not) of this mode.
        (++) The timeout activation and the timeout period.
     (#) After the configuration, the QuadSPI will be used as soon as an access on the AHB is done on 
         the address range. HAL_QSPI_TimeOutCallback() will be called when the timeout expires.

   *** Errors management and abort functionality ***
   ==================================================
   [..]
     (#) HAL_QSPI_GetError() function gives the error raised during the last operation.
     (#) HAL_QSPI_Abort() and HAL_QSPI_AbortIT() functions aborts any on-going operation and 
         flushes the fifo :
        (++) In polling mode, the output of the function is done when the transfer 
             complete bit is set and the busy bit cleared.
        (++) In interrupt mode, HAL_QSPI_AbortCpltCallback() will be called when 
             the transfer complete bi is set.

   *** Control functions ***
   =========================
   [..]
     (#) HAL_QSPI_GetState() function gives the current state of the HAL QuadSPI driver.
     (#) HAL_QSPI_SetTimeout() function configures the timeout value used in the driver.
     (#) HAL_QSPI_SetFifoThreshold() function configures the threshold on the Fifo of the QSPI IP.
     (#) HAL_QSPI_GetFifoThreshold() function gives the current of the Fifo's threshold

   *** Callback registration ***
   =============================================
   [..]
     The compilation define  USE_HAL_QSPI_REGISTER_CALLBACKS when set to 1
     allows the user to configure dynamically the driver callbacks.

     Use Functions @ref HAL_QSPI_RegisterCallback() to register a user callback,
     it allows to register following callbacks:
       (+) ErrorCallback : callback when error occurs.
       (+) AbortCpltCallback : callback when abort is completed.
       (+) FifoThresholdCallback : callback when the fifo threshold is reached.
       (+) CmdCpltCallback : callback when a command without data is completed.
       (+) RxCpltCallback : callback when a reception transfer is completed.
       (+) TxCpltCallback : callback when a transmission transfer is completed.
       (+) RxHalfCpltCallback : callback when half of the reception transfer is completed.
       (+) TxHalfCpltCallback : callback when half of the transmission transfer is completed.
       (+) StatusMatchCallback : callback when a status match occurs.
       (+) TimeOutCallback : callback when the timeout perioed expires.
       (+) MspInitCallback    : QSPI MspInit.
       (+) MspDeInitCallback  : QSPI MspDeInit.
     This function takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle, the Callback ID
     and a pointer to the user callback function.

     Use function @ref HAL_QSPI_UnRegisterCallback() to reset a callback to the default
     weak (surcharged) function. It allows to reset following callbacks:
       (+) ErrorCallback : callback when error occurs.
       (+) AbortCpltCallback : callback when abort is completed.
       (+) FifoThresholdCallback : callback when the fifo threshold is reached.
       (+) CmdCpltCallback : callback when a command without data is completed.
       (+) RxCpltCallback : callback when a reception transfer is completed.
       (+) TxCpltCallback : callback when a transmission transfer is completed.
       (+) RxHalfCpltCallback : callback when half of the reception transfer is completed.
       (+) TxHalfCpltCallback : callback when half of the transmission transfer is completed.
       (+) StatusMatchCallback : callback when a status match occurs.
       (+) TimeOutCallback : callback when the timeout perioed expires.
       (+) MspInitCallback    : QSPI MspInit.
       (+) MspDeInitCallback  : QSPI MspDeInit.
     This function) takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle and the Callback ID.

     By default, after the @ref HAL_QSPI_Init and if the state is HAL_QSPI_STATE_RESET
     all callbacks are reset to the corresponding legacy weak (surcharged) functions.
     Exception done for MspInit and MspDeInit callbacks that are respectively
     reset to the legacy weak (surcharged) functions in the @ref HAL_QSPI_Init
     and @ref  HAL_QSPI_DeInit only when these callbacks are null (not registered beforehand).
     If not, MspInit or MspDeInit are not null, the @ref HAL_QSPI_Init and @ref HAL_QSPI_DeInit
     keep and use the user MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks (registered beforehand)

     Callbacks can be registered/unregistered in READY state only.
     Exception done for MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks that can be registered/unregistered
     in READY or RESET state, thus registered (user) MspInit/DeInit callbacks can be used
     during the Init/DeInit.
     In that case first register the MspInit/MspDeInit user callbacks
     using @ref HAL_QSPI_RegisterCallback before calling @ref HAL_QSPI_DeInit
     or @ref HAL_QSPI_Init function.

     When The compilation define USE_HAL_QSPI_REGISTER_CALLBACKS is set to 0 or
     not defined, the callback registering feature is not available
     and weak (surcharged) callbacks are used.

   *** Workarounds linked to Silicon Limitation ***
   ====================================================
   [..]
     (#) Workarounds Implemented inside HAL Driver
        (++) Extra data written in the FIFO at the end of a read transfer.fi
.PP
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2017 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_qspi\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
