.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_nand.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_nand.c \- NAND HAL module driver\&. This file provides a generic firmware to drive NAND memories mounted as external device\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
NAND HAL module driver\&. This file provides a generic firmware to drive NAND memories mounted as external device\&. 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team 
.PP
.nf
==============================================================================
                       ##### How to use this driver #####
==============================================================================    
  [..]
    This driver is a generic layered driver which contains a set of APIs used to 
    control NAND flash memories. It uses the FMC/FSMC layer functions to interface 
    with NAND devices. This driver is used as follows:
  
    (+) NAND flash memory configuration sequence using the function HAL_NAND_Init() 
        with control and timing parameters for both common and attribute spaces.
          
    (+) Read NAND flash memory maker and device IDs using the function
        HAL_NAND_Read_ID(). The read information is stored in the NAND_ID_TypeDef 
        structure declared by the function caller. 
      
    (+) Access NAND flash memory by read/write operations using the functions
        HAL_NAND_Read_Page_8b()/HAL_NAND_Read_SpareArea_8b(), 
        HAL_NAND_Write_Page_8b()/HAL_NAND_Write_SpareArea_8b(),
        HAL_NAND_Read_Page_16b()/HAL_NAND_Read_SpareArea_16b(), 
        HAL_NAND_Write_Page_16b()/HAL_NAND_Write_SpareArea_16b()
        to read/write page(s)/spare area(s). These functions use specific device 
        information (Block, page size..) predefined by the user in the HAL_NAND_Info_TypeDef 
        structure. The read/write address information is contained by the Nand_Address_Typedef
        structure passed as parameter.
      
    (+) Perform NAND flash Reset chip operation using the function HAL_NAND_Reset().
      
    (+) Perform NAND flash erase block operation using the function HAL_NAND_Erase_Block().
        The erase block address information is contained in the Nand_Address_Typedef 
        structure passed as parameter.
  
    (+) Read the NAND flash status operation using the function HAL_NAND_Read_Status().
      
    (+) You can also control the NAND device by calling the control APIs HAL_NAND_ECC_Enable()/
        HAL_NAND_ECC_Disable() to respectively enable/disable the ECC code correction
        feature or the function HAL_NAND_GetECC() to get the ECC correction code. 
     
    (+) You can monitor the NAND device HAL state by calling the function
        HAL_NAND_GetState()  

  [..]
    (@) This driver is a set of generic APIs which handle standard NAND flash operations.
        If a NAND flash device contains different operations and/or implementations, 
        it should be implemented separately.

  *** Callback registration ***
  =============================================
  [..]
    The compilation define  USE_HAL_NAND_REGISTER_CALLBACKS when set to 1
    allows the user to configure dynamically the driver callbacks.

    Use Functions @ref HAL_NAND_RegisterCallback() to register a user callback,
    it allows to register following callbacks:
      (+) MspInitCallback    : NAND MspInit.
      (+) MspDeInitCallback  : NAND MspDeInit.
    This function takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle, the Callback ID
    and a pointer to the user callback function.

    Use function @ref HAL_NAND_UnRegisterCallback() to reset a callback to the default
    weak (surcharged) function. It allows to reset following callbacks:
      (+) MspInitCallback    : NAND MspInit.
      (+) MspDeInitCallback  : NAND MspDeInit.
    This function) takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle and the Callback ID.

    By default, after the @ref HAL_NAND_Init and if the state is HAL_NAND_STATE_RESET
    all callbacks are reset to the corresponding legacy weak (surcharged) functions.
    Exception done for MspInit and MspDeInit callbacks that are respectively
    reset to the legacy weak (surcharged) functions in the @ref HAL_NAND_Init
    and @ref  HAL_NAND_DeInit only when these callbacks are null (not registered beforehand).
    If not, MspInit or MspDeInit are not null, the @ref HAL_NAND_Init and @ref HAL_NAND_DeInit
    keep and use the user MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks (registered beforehand)

    Callbacks can be registered/unregistered in READY state only.
    Exception done for MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks that can be registered/unregistered
    in READY or RESET state, thus registered (user) MspInit/DeInit callbacks can be used
    during the Init/DeInit.
    In that case first register the MspInit/MspDeInit user callbacks
    using @ref HAL_NAND_RegisterCallback before calling @ref HAL_NAND_DeInit
    or @ref HAL_NAND_Init function.

    When The compilation define USE_HAL_NAND_REGISTER_CALLBACKS is set to 0 or
    not defined, the callback registering feature is not available
    and weak (surcharged) callbacks are used.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2017 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_nand\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
