.TH "src/stm32f4xx_hal_cec.c" 3 "2020年 八月 7日 星期五" "Version 1.24.0" "STM32F4_HAL" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/stm32f4xx_hal_cec.c \- CEC HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the High Definition Multimedia Interface Consumer Electronics Control Peripheral (CEC)\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'stm32f4xx_hal\&.h'\fP
.br

.SH "详细描述"
.PP 
CEC HAL module driver\&. This file provides firmware functions to manage the following functionalities of the High Definition Multimedia Interface Consumer Electronics Control Peripheral (CEC)\&. 


.PP
\fB作者\fP
.RS 4
MCD Application Team
.IP "\(bu" 2
Initialization and de-initialization function
.IP "\(bu" 2
IO operation function
.IP "\(bu" 2
Peripheral Control function
.PP
.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
===============================================================================
                       ##### How to use this driver #####
===============================================================================
   [..]
   The CEC HAL driver can be used as follow:

   (#) Declare a CEC_HandleTypeDef handle structure.
   (#) Initialize the CEC low level resources by implementing the HAL_CEC_MspInit ()API:
       (##) Enable the CEC interface clock.
       (##) CEC pins configuration:
           (+++) Enable the clock for the CEC GPIOs.
           (+++) Configure these CEC pins as alternate function pull-up.
       (##) NVIC configuration if you need to use interrupt process (HAL_CEC_Transmit_IT()
            and HAL_CEC_Receive_IT() APIs):
           (+++) Configure the CEC interrupt priority.
           (+++) Enable the NVIC CEC IRQ handle.
           (+++) The specific CEC interrupts (Transmission complete interrupt,
                 RXNE interrupt and Error Interrupts) will be managed using the macros
                 __HAL_CEC_ENABLE_IT() and __HAL_CEC_DISABLE_IT() inside the transmit
                 and receive process.

   (#) Program the Signal Free Time (SFT) and SFT option, Tolerance, reception stop in
       in case of Bit Rising Error, Error-Bit generation conditions, device logical
       address and Listen mode in the hcec Init structure.

   (#) Initialize the CEC registers by calling the HAL_CEC_Init() API.

 [..]
   (@) This API (HAL_CEC_Init()) configures also the low level Hardware (GPIO, CLOCK, CORTEX...etc)
       by calling the customed HAL_CEC_MspInit() API.
 *** Callback registration ***
 =============================================

 The compilation define  USE_HAL_CEC_REGISTER_CALLBACKS when set to 1
 allows the user to configure dynamically the driver callbacks.
 Use Functions @ref HAL_CEC_RegisterCallback() or HAL_CEC_RegisterXXXCallback()
 to register an interrupt callback.

 Function @ref HAL_CEC_RegisterCallback() allows to register following callbacks:
   (+) TxCpltCallback     : Tx Transfer completed callback.
   (+) ErrorCallback      : callback for error detection.
   (+) MspInitCallback    : CEC MspInit.
   (+) MspDeInitCallback  : CEC MspDeInit.
 This function takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle, the Callback ID
 and a pointer to the user callback function.

 For specific callback HAL_CEC_RxCpltCallback use dedicated register callbacks
 @ref HAL_CEC_RegisterRxCpltCallback().

 Use function @ref HAL_CEC_UnRegisterCallback() to reset a callback to the default
 weak function.
 @ref HAL_CEC_UnRegisterCallback() takes as parameters the HAL peripheral handle,
 and the Callback ID.
 This function allows to reset following callbacks:
   (+) TxCpltCallback     : Tx Transfer completed callback.
   (+) ErrorCallback      : callback for error detection.
   (+) MspInitCallback    : CEC MspInit.
   (+) MspDeInitCallback  : CEC MspDeInit.

 For callback HAL_CEC_RxCpltCallback use dedicated unregister callback :
 @ref HAL_CEC_UnRegisterRxCpltCallback().

 By default, after the @ref HAL_CEC_Init() and when the state is HAL_CEC_STATE_RESET
 all callbacks are set to the corresponding weak functions :
 examples @ref HAL_CEC_TxCpltCallback() , @ref HAL_CEC_RxCpltCallback().
 Exception done for MspInit and MspDeInit functions that are
 reset to the legacy weak function in the @ref HAL_CEC_Init()/ @ref HAL_CEC_DeInit() only when
 these callbacks are null (not registered beforehand).
 if not, MspInit or MspDeInit are not null, the @ref HAL_CEC_Init() / @ref HAL_CEC_DeInit()
 keep and use the user MspInit/MspDeInit functions (registered beforehand)

 Callbacks can be registered/unregistered in HAL_CEC_STATE_READY state only.
 Exception done MspInit/MspDeInit callbacks that can be registered/unregistered
 in HAL_CEC_STATE_READY or HAL_CEC_STATE_RESET state,
 thus registered (user) MspInit/DeInit callbacks can be used during the Init/DeInit.
 In that case first register the MspInit/MspDeInit user callbacks
 using @ref HAL_CEC_RegisterCallback() before calling @ref HAL_CEC_DeInit()
 or @ref HAL_CEC_Init() function.

 When the compilation define USE_HAL_CEC_REGISTER_CALLBACKS is set to 0 or
 not defined, the callback registration feature is not available and all callbacks
 are set to the corresponding weak functions..fi
.PP
.PP
\fB注意\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
.SS "(C) Copyright (c) 2016 STMicroelectronics\&. All rights reserved\&."
.PP
This software component is licensed by ST under BSD 3-Clause license, the 'License'; You may not use this file except in compliance with the License\&. You may obtain a copy of the License at: opensource\&.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause 
.PP
在文件 \fBstm32f4xx_hal_cec\&.c\fP 中定义\&.
.SH "作者"
.PP 
由 Doyxgen 通过分析 STM32F4_HAL 的 源代码自动生成\&.
